Wipe your feet
Today is a good day for me to be engaged to my wife
I'll let you go
But the Zhou family's agency
But no more
As soon as I die, I will be ruined by your hands
Go back and discipline your son well
So as not to end up like Zhao Wuji
Why don't you take him away from me quickly?
King Xie Long doesn't kill himself
Xie Long Wang
Xie Long Wang Xie Long
Li Mengran
How does my ring compare to yours?
Lord Dragon King forgive me
I was also deceived by the surnamed Zhou
None of my business.
Really glorious and forgiving
Glory, forgive me, it's not me who should apologize
She's my wife.
The congratulatory gift is something I've always wanted to grab from you before
But that's all because I'm jealous of you
Who made you look beautiful?
Be kind
You are so good
Yeah, yeah.
I promise.
In the future, as long as you want something, I will never rob it again.
I used to give you everything I had
Give me a break this time
Although hateful
But it's the truth, right?
Jolene, thank you.
When you get married
I'm going to give you a big gift
I still want to come to my wedding
Let me see you walk again